put by three extra lineages. That means, the first three lineages, what are we just discussing?
Mind-to-mind transmission lineage, sambolek transmission lineage, and then oral transmission
lineage. Those are the three that, sambolek, or three lineages. That you know many times in the
teaching, in the historical almost also. So that is.
Now, with that, there are three additional lineages. Lineages, those are our self intubate, and
that's what you will know that, and then I will translate that.
And first is, gabap lungti jay jubap, gabap k-a-b-a-b, gabap k-a-b-a-b, gabap lungti l-u-n-g-t-e-n
lungti, gabap lungti jay, g-y-i-n-g.
And g-jubap, then maybe j-u-p-a, or g-y-u-d-p-a. So kabap lungti jay jubap, kabap lungti jay jubap.
This kabap lungti jubap is, if I translate, kabap is designated. Designated or, yeah, I think it's
designated.
Designated or elected. Elected or highlighted. Highlighted. And then lungti means profess, profess,
or prede, prede, predation.
So that means what? Lineage of the designation with the predation.
Lineage of the designation and with the professes. Professors. So that is the first one.
Second is munna wankor che jubap, n-o-n-l-a-n, munna wankor w-a-n-g-k-u-r, wankor che, again, same
thing, g-y-i, wankor che jubap, jubap, same thing.
Other things. So munna means, means aspirations, or prayers, pray that. Munna.
Wankor means integrations. So now jubap is lineage.
So that means lineage of the initiation with the aspirations, or lineage of the empowerment with
the prayers.
So that is the second lineage. Third is kandu tejae jubap, kandu, k-h-a-d-r-o, kandu, and tejae, g-
i, kandu tejae, and jubap.
So that is called kandu, tejae, jubap. Kandu means dakini a little bit.
And tejae means hand with, tejae means hand with cell, s-e-a-f, I think, cell.
So lineage of the dakini handed with cell, cell, cell.
So these are, like very pacifically, thermal lineage.
So thermal lineage contains the sixth lineage.
Therefore, all thermal teachings are lineage preserved by the sixth lineage.
The first three are the general, all thermal in my teachings, all the teachings.
Mind-to-mind transmission lineage, and sambore transmission lineage, and oral transmission lineage.
And these third, these last three are pacifically called thermos, thermos.
Now I go over a little bit, over this each minute. So then you will know how thermal is.
Now the fourth is designated with the kavavam in the predictions, that translated, I tell you.
The kavavam di jubam, kavavam di jubam.
Designated, I think you all know, designated means we are selective sambore, selective.
So that means in the time of the Gurbia Masambhava. Gurbia Masambhava had so many disciples, 25
disciples,
80 vahasathas of the Yerba regions, and 25 human dakinis, and 35 yandho regions.
They list all, and plus all, it is not so many individual, like, enlightenment.
Because that time, big of the devotions, big of the joyful effort,
big of the enthusiasm, big of the determination, courage, and commitment,
and they are not lingering this and that things.
And they resist, they practice it, and act like this.
So they have golden era, the realization is bloom, bloom in that time in the Tibetan earth
centuries.
So many. So that means, when they're not taking a focus on doubt, now how many there are those
there?
And the chikin said, 108 great things they are subject to.
108 great datums, and 1,000, another, 1,000, 2, another datum, they'll make that list of that.
So there's so many really datums.
So this old datum has got these three lineages.
Every one. The fourth one is now, again we're talking, designated.
That means, Gurope Masambhav.
Designated those individually, when that teaching was going to be revealed,
from the guru of the student, he highlighted, he glorified that.
You are the candidate, you are the authorities. So pick it up.
So he got the really, that individually got the highlight of that, with the blessings.
How do you like that? That can be, such as Virajyanam, or Nuchisaji, or many other those disciples
that you know.
One of those, within that time, who is the audience?
That time, audience could be 9, could be 7, could be 5, but most of the time in the teaching,
he said, always there is three, three audience.
Those how many times he said, J. Vang. Toa. Somas.
J means, it's available, again you write that, because it's a thermal teaching, we're talking about
thermal teaching.
J. Vang. Toa. Somas. J is J. J. S. Jap. J. E. Vang is B-A-N-G.
Toa is D-R-O-G, and some S-U-M's.
Toa, Somas. J. Vang. Toa, Somas.
Most of the time, these three are there, always in the teaching set.
Who is J? J means what? J means Lord. L-O-R-D, or J can be king. K-I-M-G king.
And B-A-N-G is subject. Subject. Subject, toa means friend.
And so what that means? Som is three. Three, king and subject and friend.
Three of them, all of them. So king is who? King tozong deeply.
King tozong deeply, B-A-N-G is Verojana.
Because Verojana was subject of the king tozong deeply.
Even though he became the master of the king tozong deeply,
but, originally, he was a subject as citizen of the twins.
And he told me the friend. That is E-H-I-C-O-J-A.
He is a personal friend of G-M-A-S-O-M-O.
So these three are known as always there is more than time.
Always in the teachings, always there attended there.
When they designated, when that happened, they always did this.
And so now, so at that time, they selected that individually,
among all the groups, and G-M-A-S-O-M-O, then prayed it.
That you will become, you will become the techno, and you are going to re-world in the future.
That area, this time, that indication, that situation,
and that time, you will be going to re-world that teachings.
So that is when that ceremony or that acknowledging will happen.
That is known as the Ka-Bop-U-M-T-J Jupa, that Jupa, so predicted.
So that is the first one.
When that happened, when that is selected and predicted,
not just happened, then lived there, but then the second they applied.
That is Munna-U-M-Kurdya Jupa.
Munna-U-M-Kurdya Jupa, translated as, I think, so prayers and empowerment,
lineage of the prayers and empowerment, or lineage of the aspirations and empowerment.
So now, G-M-S-O-M-A-S-O-M-A, whatever that teaching, God is going to re-world,
G-M-S-O-M-A-S-O-M-A gives empowerment.
Again, even though they already received, highly received that empowerment,
if they practice in meditation, they become highly enlightened beings.
Such as 25 disciples, but here again, G-M-S-O-M-A-S-O-M-A, specifically, empowerment, teaching.
Teaching on that, with aspiration, G-M-S-O-M-A-S-O-M-A.
That means bringing, making every best wishes to fulfill this goal, this aim,
without any obstacles, without any handling, and be benefited to the beings.
As G-M-S-O-M-A-S-O-M-A, they attended, with all the audience,
at least three audience, or more audience.
Audience, that G-M-S-O-M-A-S-O-M-A gave that person that came to G-M-S-O-M-A-S-O-M-A,
together with G-M-S-O-M-A, and gave that empowerment, gave that teaching,
gave that, all the instructions, instructions, how to re-world, how to do that,
and, in a way, it really transmitted that teaching, that leading power,
in their Muslim mind, streams, streams, with G-M-S-O-M-A,
by G-M-S-O-M-A.
So, that is known as Munna-Wankar-Jajab.
Once that all done, then that teaching is handed over
over to the Dakini and the Dhannapalas, Proteccas.
Proteccas, wherever that inpatient can be, can be,
and this Dhannapalas also that means they attended there in it,
and that ceremony, that ceremony, they attended there, they attended.
And they handed by European Muslim women, with G-M-S-O-M-A,
and key these teachings, until this designated, empowered individual comes
and keep that teaching, with sales, sales, sales, S-E-A-F,
that never lost it, never gone, never busted, never, according to lost it,
until this goal is achieved, achieved.
So then, that both Dhannapalas and Dakini's are also really committed,
promise that I will preserve, I will keep, I will protect this city,
until that designated individual comes.
So, that is known as, that is what now, there is in that teaching,
that all happen, that all power, that all blessings,
that all aspirations are empowered, that is all is in the mind-streams
of those great enlightened beings.
For example, that individually designated, that one is like,
as, as Nuki Sadi Ishii, so Nuki Sadi Ishii got all that lineage, right there.
So now, when they revere that teaching, and for example,
when they were born as Nuki Sadi Ishii was reincarnated so many times,
great death was one after another, and one of the, also leading example
of the incarnation of the Nuki Sadi Ishii was Satsang Nampa.
When Satsang Nampa revere that teaching, and he already have that lineage,
pre-linearity teaching, in his Muslim mind-streams.
But at the same time, that time, when he revere that teaching,
when he began to transcribe this teaching, that, during that processes,
also he received that entire once again that, that empowerment or that lineage.
Lineage of the Kavalundi, lineage of the Mona Wankon,
and lineage of that Kanukdeja, all that, re-activated that lineage.
Therefore, these teachings, Dhamma teachings are known as the so authentic,
so special, not deluded, not spoiled, the full of blessings
and even in teaching, often he said, the breathing of the Dakini's are never evaporated.
It's warmth, the breath of Dakini's are contained.
So that means, although this Dhamma palace in the Dakini kept that teaching
so dearly to their heart, as their heart, and protect it, teachings,
until that designated theta could come.
So that means, even other theta was similar, they have similar realization,
similar understand, they are not going to handle that,
and always kept that until that teaches.
So that is really about the, about the, generally not their teachings.
So that, you know, I think understand.